
add text here for webpages

Hello,
I'm Claire Kathryn Truscott
Front-end developer student based in Perth, Western Australia

About me section----

About Claire Kathryn

I am a front-end developer student with a Cert IV in Graphic Design with a passion for all things design.
 
Learn More (BUTTON) 

Oh hello there, I'm Claire Kathryn Truscott, a Front End Developer from Perth, Western Australia. 

Currently completing a coding scholarship with She Codes Australia as part of the She Codes Plus Perth 2022 Cohort, which is due to finish in May 2023. It's an amazing initiative with a mission to bridge the gap of women in the tech industry. I'm extremely grateful to be one of the women chosen and learn from the amazing mentors many of whom donate their time. 

So far we are still working on HTML/CSS and the next is Python. I look forward to see which language, project and framework I enjoy the most. So stay tuned, as I learn and grown and share my work. Eeeeekkkk this is out there, even though I'm cringing sharing. 

I love helping people, being creative and streamlining things. I have Graphic Design and Communications background and worked across an array of sectors, which has helped me be adaptable and always has me learning new things. 

Outside of work, I love to travel (immersing myself in the culture and people, it's really the best education!) enjoying the sunshine out with my dogs, catching up with friends and enjoying sunsets on the beach, never the same and always beautiful. 

Thanks for reading, feel free get in touch via the contact form below.

=BUTTON--Let's Connect

*** notes
Summarize your skills and establish credibility
1. Tell the reader a little bit about your background
2. State your areas of expertise
3. Focus on bringing clients value
Your biography should be descriptive, but not too long. Add job headings, dates, and a quick description of your work and skills. P

started following some online courses freeCodeCamp, Coursera and SheCodes. 
teaching me the fundamentals of front end development.
